Sorry, boss. So what's the big deal? I can't laugh out loud, especially now that everything is so funny?
I love you.
Is it all right, the way I am now? Are you happy?
[There is almost nothing left in the world that you enjoy.] Except talking to you now and then. It’s so easy to hear everything you say.
They’re dying, I’m dying. They got to be immortal before it happened; I am merely alive. See? I remember. I would like to have the bourbon now.
How can I help it? I can’t get away from your voice when you want me to listen; it’s like a tiny microphone inside my head. What is this, tears? You’re going to weep over me?
I’ve heard the cry of danger. Sometimes very strong in the middle of the night, and then at other moments like an echo.
I’m not afraid, because you’re here.
A real devil among devils.
Don’t let me dream any more of them.
Don’t leave me here, not here against the earth.
What do you mean, millions! You throw your clothes away after you wear them, you rent apartments and forget where they are. Do you know what a zip code is, or a tax bracket? I’m the one who buys all the goddamned airline tickets. Millions. How are we going to get millions! Steal another Maserati and be done with it, for God’s sakes!
I don’t want to be alive, Armand, I want to live forever, and then I will tell you whether life is better than death.
Would you let me go with you? Would you let me see it when you do it?
Ah, you’ll let them kill me. You know you will. Give me the power to fight for myself.
You’ll never die, and yet you look at me and you watch me die, night after night, you watch it.
Don’t hit me. You might kill me. You’re very strong.
No, you wouldn’t. Fear has nothing to do with it. Imagine one lifetime back then when you were born. And all this lost? The future in which you know power and luxury of which Genghis Khan never dreamed? But forget the technical miracles. Would you settle for ignorance of the world’s destiny? Ah, don’t tell me you would.
I’m with you, safe with you.
Make the rain fall. You can do it, make the rain fall.
‘And though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,’ et cetera.
Armand, I need you.
Armand, now! I want to be safe with you when Lestat goes on that stage tomorrow night.
You’ll torment me forever, won’t you, and then you’ll watch me die, and you’ll find that interesting, won’t you? It was true what Louis said. You watch them die, your mortal slaves, they mean nothing to you. You’ll watch the colors change in my face as I die.
Immortality that close, as close as your arms.
I want it, I want to live forever. I want to be with Louis and with you.
You think you can drive me crazy, don’t you? Well, you can’t. Let me tell you. Every time I lay eyes on you, I realize that I didn’t invent you, and that I’m sane!
Goddamn it, do it yourself. You’re five hundred years old and you can’t use a telephone? Read the directions. What are you, an immortal idiot? I will do no such thing!
Ah, yes, this intimacy because that’s what it is, isn’t it? You, my secret … [Secret lover.] Yes.
This is what I want to be, which is why I cannot stand to look at him.
Are you killing me finally? Do it, yes.
Fifty years later, you talk like he was your soulmate — like you were locked in some fucked up gothic romance. Why?
And you know this, how? You guys have a thread on 8chan?
Never say I love you to a raging narcissist.
I was a moron.
Should have seen that coming.
Memory is a monster.
I don't read reviews.
Fuck, man! Are you the zodiac killer?
Hey, man! I've sold millions of these books, more than Johnny Grisham, or Prince Harry and the Prisoner of Santa Barbara.
What does it matter if you give it to me and it’s wrong! There is no wrong! There is only desperation and I would have it! I want to live forever with you.
Same old dance.
You son of a bitch. You wanted me here, you summoned me. I couldn’t eat, sleep, nothing, just wander and thing of you. You did it.
Did you eat the baby?
[Claudia was...] A band-aid for a shitty marriage?
So, to be clear here, I'm a goddamn reservoir of do's and don't's.
For a killing machine, I kinda like her.
It's a kill list. In a teenager's handwriting.
She makes you and Frenchie look like a couple of whiny, existential queens.